Mapt Member Contributions -- since Milestone2 to the Final Project

Jie Cai:
Ethan Holland: Primary responsibility was making the UI (excpt for the map itself which was Jaiveer). This also involved making UX decisions and helping to design the backend API
Jaiveer Katariya: Primarily responsible for integration of the backend/frontend and authentication. Contributed to design of and implemented route structure, worked on data flow and parsing from backend to frontend. Also made the map component that renders flights, and fixed various bugs on both frontend and backend throughout this process (like rewriting SQL/backend queries, rendering the correct date/time for editing trips, refreshing upon saving data, and more).
Eric Tay: In the first few meetings, I was involved in the discussions with regard to our E/R Diagram, and how we were going to populate our database. After we decided on what we were going to implement our app with, I was mainly involved with work on the backend. I was first involved in creating models, the database, routes, forms, and html displays to debug our schema for milestone 1 (Some of these are deleted since they are no longer needed). Then, I helped with obtaining and cleaning airport and airline data, creating a seed file, and running our queries on our app for milestone 2. Finally, for milestone 3, I helped to implement routes and check constraints which helped to connect the frontend to the backend, and worked with the FE team to get a working demo.
Kelly Zhang: Worked on the backend for this whole project. Worked on many of the sql and database finepoints. For milestone 1, I wrote assumptions and general information for the milestone, contributed the details idea and creation of the tables with trigger & relevent test samples, helped review the E/R diagram and check over test cases. For milestone 2, I set up the models for all the tables and worked on registration route along with adding trips and flights within our HTML backend dummy environment. I seeded the database with all the production sized dataset which Eric and Jie cleaned. I also worked on creating some test inserts. Set up scripts to help run everything and some templates. Since milestone 2, I have reformatted the models to conform to all the relevant relationships detailed by SQLAlchemy. This included a lot of reformatting and testing. I also settled on using SQLAlchemy as just an abstraction layer and passing SQL statements through the execute function to create a consistent template for our routes. I finished debugging and setting up the backend db models and seeding. Created the session tokens for user privacy and login verification and integrated them into the routes. Created the statistics route, worked on login with Jie and Airports with Eric. Implemented the various error checking for display in the frontend. Worked with Ethan and Jaiveer to debug errors and bring the frontend and backend together. I helped write the report by going over all the assumptions and adding detail to our stack.
